Dr. Shrashidele, Happy New Year! This is the starting Tibetan Royal Era, 2,140, and so
I'm very happy to celebrate of these beautiful opportunities. New Year always reminds of the
beautiful lives that we went through, and here we are again. And so I'm very happy to everyone
to greet, and I wish you happy, healthy, and long life, joy and peace, happiness,
and fulfillment of every beautiful aspirations that you are desiring in your heart, and continue
for that. And this is again, New Year is one of the celebrations of our lives that we will
continue moving forward. So we should always remember how the precious life is, and how
beautiful it is, and how we're going to take care of this beautiful precious life, and lives
of others that we are connected. So continue to help and support our capabilities, which is the
whole mark, the essential teaching of the Buddha Shakyamuni, and Guru Padmasambha also. Again,
we stand in our every beautiful aspirations and wish that we like to prefer and then move forward.
And for that very reason, I'd like to do short prayers on these beautiful occasions.
Pray to the three dual, Buddha Dharmasanga, Guru Padmasambha,
Buddha Shakyamuni, as well as Tara, and all enlightened beings.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]